{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 SPEAKER A\uc0\u8232 The up and coming people. Right? Like Steph, like Steph, for example, if I was an instructor and I look at Steph and I see the way she dances and whatnot, and I'm like, damn, she's got really good style. I would obviously be like, you know, there will be a way to test her. Right? You'll be like, hey, how about next week you come up with a new choreography of your own and just a short like 30 second or whatever. Like you have to come up 45 seconds to a minute.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Just come up with your own Cory. And then because someone can be really good at dancing, doesn't mean they know how to Cory. Right? That's different. Choreographing your own is different. Way different to like being able to copy someone's dance. Well, so then, so if it was. If I was in and like to.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Make a fun for it students and like they're like, right. Music. Right?\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Like, yeah, because. Because you, you look at like for example, a lot of people, like, they'll look at it. And you, and you as an instructor. Sorry, you as a business owner should be able to identify people who has good potential.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Just going back to the whole.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Then you can always build my point. Yeah, I know that's different. But I'm like, this is where I criticize Sydney Polk because I was like, Cindy Paul could have taken that opportunity, trained Steph up and she could have been another Dorothy that has wait list.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 All the time.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 And like Exactly. Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Anyway, keep going.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 But okay, so different instructors have different classes. They teach. They have different. And does Dorothy teach beginners advanced only or.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 She's open level for her in quotes. So she does teach beginners in a sense. But she prefer. So. So it's another preference thing. So the instructors would be like, I prefer to teach. Careful, it's cop right there. Oh no, Federal police. Doesn't matter. They won't pull you over. Yeah. So.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 So can Dorothy choose to not teach, only teach this level?\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Okay. So it's all preference.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 She doesn't. She doesn't. She refuses to do free trials. It's all preference based. But this is where you can all put that in. It's like if you as an instructor, like if you do like a questionnaire at the start and be like, hey, what type of classes?\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Or it's like, are you willing to. It's the same questionnaire every semester.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Correct.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 At the beginning.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 At the beginning of every semester. Hey, would you be happy to teach this? If it's like, you know, free trial. You Know you don't get paid as much, but like the effort is less too. Like it reflects the effort that you have to put in. But it's another thing. Free trials. Like, actually, to be honest, why do you.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Why are you talking about free trials?\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Free trials. Because I know Dorothy, she doesn't do it. But like, Lara and Chloe doesn't mind.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 But free trials is for like a whole class.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 So she just teaches a class for free, Is that what you mean?\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 No, Cindy Paul gives it for free, but I'm. I think she still gets paid, but I don't think as much as like a dance or a tricks class.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Right.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Is there just a random dog there?\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah, what the heck?\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Off leash. The owner must be over there.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 It's this guy, he's wearing the lead.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Oh, he's so, so sweet. That dog was like waiting, I want to cross the road. But it. But yeah, so it's all preference, which is why I'm like, why don't they do a questionnaire at the start? And then so you as a timetabler, be like, well, this person's happy to do floor work. Happy to do.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Because the thing is, if you don't, if you don't do the questionnaire, I, I don't have the information to give you the right slots.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah, but you do it every terms. Like, like, be like midterm. You tell people, hey, submit what you want for the next term. And then that way when you're timetabling, you don't have to be like, oh, do you reckon she'll be happy to do this?\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Exactly.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 It doesn't.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 You should know in advance before you.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Know each time you've committed to, you agree to do like floor work, dance tricks, for example.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 And then someone else would be like, I just want to do heels dance and I want to do stretch. Someone might be like, you know what I mean? So then you don't have to reach out to everyone and go, oh, are you okay with this? If I change this to this? Like, you know, and then it's like, instead of that, you just have everyone's preference in and you do your own thing.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 All you really have to.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 You do your own thing. Be like, if they have issues, they'd be like, well, you said it was okay.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 All you have to capture is when they are free to do the classes.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 As an instructor and what sort of classes that they want to teach and that's it. And then you as the.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 And then, so let's say. And I'll just give you an Example, Right. Let's just say Tuesday, 6, 7, 6pm, 7pm, 8pm there's three time slots. Right. And I have you and I as instructors fighting for these two time slots. But the one difference is, for example, I'm one that am happy to teach stretch class.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Y.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 And you're like, oh, like this. In, in this like week we only have one. Another stretch class. I think we should put another stretch class in here. But then maybe I'll just choose Sandy because Sandy can do stretch class as well. Then you then, sorry, because you weren't happy to do stretch class. We had to balance out our timetable.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 You're doing Wednesday instead, which you, you indicated it was okay as well.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Do you know what I mean?\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 And then that way it's sort of like semi fair, you know, like you, like as in like you're doing it based on what the business needs as well. Because you're like, you know, you can't have no stretch. If you give only students one option of stretch class, then that you might actually impact your business because they might be like, oh, well, I might have to go somewhere else for my stretch classes. You know, like in heels classes, it's like, oh, I have one floor work class this term and it's on like a Wednesday. And not everyone can make it on Wednesday. Should I diversify that and add another day in that people can go. And you know what's hard? A lot of times weekends is actually really hard to get people in.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 You mean so attendance for attendance.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah, it actually is pretty hard to get weekends.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Really?\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Most people go after work.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 And then weekends they go like Friday.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Night instructors or like students.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 So you need. So this is where I'm like. And this is true for any studio because on weekends they're actually the hardest to fill because a lot of people have like Friday night they have work drinks. Then they're not going to turn up Saturday morning to class unless you're really that dedicated. For example, some people are, to be honest, I wouldn't say they're like hard to fill, but you tend to get a lot of cancellations Saturdays and Sundays.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Because people seeps or they end up changing and having plans on the weekend or they gotta have, have like yum cha, you know, I'm going yum cha with my friends. You know what I mean?\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 So weekends, I remember Chloe telling me this. Like weekends, they actually get a lot of cancellations. So what does that mean to a business? Right. And I've thought about this before and I'd never said it to court, but I'm like, why don't they pay the good instructors more on the weekend?\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 To incentivise them. And they're the ones that are wait listed and be like, and doesn't that person doesn't have to teach like several hours. He'd be like, can you come in on like for one hour just to teach? And because it's just one hour, I'm like, I'm trying to pull students in. I'll be like, do you want to pay? I'll pay a bit more for you. Those are the things where I'm like, that also impacts on timetabling as well. Because you can be like, what if like, you know, this is a very popular instructor and I see on my statistics that this person makes me the most money, maybe I should install, incentivize that person and be like, hey, I'll pay you $50 more if you come in.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Per class. $50 more per class if you come in and teach.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 This term and you can trial that out.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 And you don't have to do the whole time. You'd be like, can you just do the first week, two weeks or something? First five weeks of the ten week term. And if no one turns up, then you're like, okay, well that's an experiment you've attended and failed. And so, you know, like, okay, so it doesn't matter if it's a good instructor.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 It's just weekends are hard and then practice times, that's another thing. Because I heard Moochie going, oh, you know, for practice someone needs to be at the studio to close the studio. Right. So he was saying like, oh, should we put a practice time here? And then Astral was like, oh, well, is there many people that come for practice here or do you want to just leave early? And then he's like, oh, no, there's. I think there's, there's quite a good number of people that come, so. Oh, okay. And then what about this?\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 So. So this whole time she's just relying on the guy.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah. Because. Which is there all the time and.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 The guy has basically no spreadsheet. So he's just like, oh, it's just what I think of what I remember. Correct. Wow, no wonder these guys don't make that much money anyway. Keep going.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 I. I think it's not that they don't make that much money, it's that it's not optimized. It's not optimized. So it's like they're losing a lot of so per hour. So you're going, oh wait, no, this.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Can go straight.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Per hour. Like if you think about the hourly rate they're actually making, like probably minimum wage, the amount of hours they're putting in to do this. Remember we were talking about this? Was it about Adrian? Sabrina?\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah. Oh yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 And how she's spending so much time on admin.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah. It's the same idea, right?\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 It's the same thing. It's like they're spending so much time. You know, they just posted moochie and whatever.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Oh yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 That. Apologies. This term's timetable will be coming out a bit later than normal. They didn't finish it today. They were supposed to finish it today to then finalize it and make it look nice and whatnot tomorrow and then to be released on Sunday. And they didn't, they didn't get a chance to. Yeah, and I don't think they will have a chance to because Muchi's teaching tomorrow and then as has a kid. Yeah. And she might be giving birth to. So this is why I'm like. And this is not. Think about it. It's not only just this pole studio. Sydney Pole. Think about Sydney Pole.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Not. Not just all the pole studios.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 You could have like Pilates studio, yoga studios or even if you just own.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 A gym or whatever. And you've got like boxing.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah. I mean big corporations like Fitness first would have those type of statistics, I would assume.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 I think it's a little bit different with them because they're like, they're so big and they've got enough clients that they're just like, okay, we're gonna do classes at this time. I guarantee you that the time that you. That is allocated for that class is not random. Like they have data behind it.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Do you know what's funny? So. Well, they actually don't really have data. They rely on the. Why I know this is because. No.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Oh really?\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 No.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 There's even more of a gap then Body Attackers.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 You don't book in. So why I say I know how they check is Macquarie used to have an instructor that taught Body Attack and he one day told us, oh hey, I would really appreciate it if you guys can come into the class next week. And then because Finnish first is sending some someone out to check on the class volumes next week. So every so often we'll say, hey, we're gonna have someone come in to check. Well, the thing is, it's like, I mean you don't. I mean he was the only one that was Desperate. He ended up. I don't think he teaches anymore. His classes were really. You can ask Shirley. Shirley knows which guy I'm talking about.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah, but that's my point. Like, they. They. They still aren't using some sort of, like, system.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah, they did have it for Covid, but then they stopped the booking system anyway.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 So what I was saying, Right.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 It is stupid. Like a corporation like that should have.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 What I was saying before, though, as well, about, like, you should also. On the other side, you should also have the student side as well. And then, like, as soon as the timetable with that time. Timetable is not just a timetable. It should be like a database where, you know, you can click into it and you can go, oh, okay, well, who was the instructor? How many students attended? Which students attended? Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But, like, it enables the students to. Then when they see it, they can go, okay, book, book, book.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Here's an idea.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 You know what the biggest app out there currently is for these things? Type of booking systems?\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 It's called Mind Body.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Okay.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 But I think they're missing all those things.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 No, that's what I'm saying.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 So, like, I can imagine you, like, use AI and just build. Just copy. Copy Mind Body app and then build on top of that.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 I don't want to just copy them. I want to actually fix what's wrong.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 No, you copy them first. Right. So the booking system, everything. Right. That nothing's wrong with the booking system.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 But I paid. I don't know. So I thought when it first rolled out, there was a lot of issues with the booking system. And then you were like, oh, I didn't want to tell Chloe and all that stuff.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 No, no, they fixed a lot of it. It was very. There was a lot of bugs. And then they fixed it. And now the good thing about them is actually there's a few booking systems out there. Right. But I think the one thing that.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 They'Re lacking, it doesn't combine all of this and the data and the timetable.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 So imagine, like, that whole thing because.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Like, it's one platform. Yeah, that's what I'm thinking.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 It's the same as the events planning.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 And like, imagine if you're an instructor, you can just go. Which classes have. Oh, this one was 80%.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 And you can.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 In the same app now, you know.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 What else as well in the same app, if. Yeah, yeah, sorry. Go.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 No, no, you go first.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 I was gonna say, in the same app, if you can get the instructors, it's like, hey, we're doing the Next timetabling, please put in your preferred slots which type of classes you're willing to teach.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 But I was also gonna say as well, all in one, as. As you're a. Let's say I'm astral, I'm a studio owner.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 You know what Chloe was saying with the feedback and all that sort of stuff, right?\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Dude. Every single time after you finish a session, you leave, you know, you. It. It gives you a notification or something. Yeah, that, like, you know, smiley face, unhappy face, and then you just tap it.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah, right.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Or, you know those toilets where it's got like those five.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Faces. And it's like very good or excellent. Very good, good, average, you know, bad or very bad or whatever. You just tap that and then it's like, okay, great. Then beyond just like, attendance, pure attendance, you've also got, like, insights into. Oh, these instructors.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah, yeah, exactly.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 It's like feedback reviews on top of all of that other data. Because I'm just thinking, like, right now, how do they get feedback? I'm assuming it's like there's like an email or a web page that you go into and just email them. But come on, like, after you have a thing.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah. Like, if it's all, you know, like you're frustrated or whatever.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yes, whatever. Like, I'll probably just want to come next week or something.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah, right, exactly.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Whereas if it's all on an app where you have to book your class through, but, like, after you attend it.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Like, imagine your notification of, like, oh, so this instructor. A lot of people attend once and never come back.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 There you go. Right.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Imagine you see that stat, but you can't see it right now with any of those apps.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah, that's what I'm saying. So I'm like, it should be all in one. All in one. And then, like, you know, you just got different.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 How powerful would that tool be? You just think about it.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Just have different user groups. So you have students, you have instructors, and you might have, like a studio owner, for example. Right. And then for studio owner, you can.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 See different admin levels.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Exactly. And you can see different parts. Right. So students obviously can't see or can't edit the timetable.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yes.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 But if you're the studio owner, you can edit the timetable.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yes, right.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Basic things like that.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 And then, like, an instructor can. Can like, add, like, can add students into a class. They can see the timetable and they. And.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 And then actually, let me ask you this as well. Whenever you go to. I, I.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 You know, if you develop this app, the easiest Thing is, hey, Astro, would you want to just try this time?\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Literally, that's what I was thinking.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 That's what gave me. Developing something.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 That's what gave me the idea. Right. But I was also gonna say. Oh, what was I gonna say? Yeah, there was. Oh, right. So. Oh, two things. So do you pay through the app?\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Okay, so that's done. Number two is a lot of times when sometimes I hear you talking about a new student or whatever, or maybe a student is having an issue with, like, a booking or something like that.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 And then a lot of times the instructor's like, oh, sorry, I can't help you, but let me. Let me help you out. Or, like, let me find someone who can help you or whatever.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 So what are some of those things? Do you know? Because, like, I feel like a lot of those are, like, I'll give you one.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 For example. It was. I realized it was a glitch. For the life of me, I couldn't book into this practice room.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 But I could book to other ones. Right, Right. I realized when you. When you click and say you want to book, you can now select which credits you want to have deducted.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Right.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Because, like, before, you know, we were complaining. It just keeps deducting from the new ones. It wouldn't deduct from the old ones, and then they end up expiring. And then we used to have to email them and be like, hey, can you deduct from my old ones, not the new ones. Oh, because the. Because of the different apps. Yeah. No, it's just that, like, you know, if you're. If. If you pay for four classes and then a fortnight, but you only use three classes, you have one class left over, Right? Yeah, but that class would expire one month after. So then your next class, you want to use that one class first before you use your new membership, which is the four classes. Do you get what I mean? Because that one. Then we used to have that kind of problem. Right. They fixed that. But then I realized there was a glitch because I was clicking in the. To that one thing that said it was expiring the fastest. Turns out I already used that credit, but for some reason, it kept popping up. And that's why it said error occurred, and then it would not let me book myself into it. And then I only realized that.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 So technically, you didn't have a credit there.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yes. Although it popped up.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Even though it showed you that you did.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yes.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 And then when you tried to book it because you had zero.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah. And then it said, it's not possible.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Okay.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 And then that's when one issue that I encountered, that's just the system, there's no way of changing your membership yourself on the app. So, for example, there is in quotes.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Can you describe the membership levels or how it's done?\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 They have membership level one, two, three, four, five, six.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Okay, so what does that mean?\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 So level one is one class a week.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Okay.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Two classes a week, three classes. Level two is two. Two classes.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Right. So what are you paying for?\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 I pay for two classes a week.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Okay.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Now let's say, for example, and there's no way of suspending it yourself either. So essentially it's like. So for example, let's say that month I'm busy, like, I really don't have time. I want to drop it down to one class a week.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 In the app, they say you can do it. Glitches out.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 They probably didn't enable the feature because it's probably an extra paid functionality.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 And then they just like, possibly. But it's not that they said, I can do it, they say I can do it. It's just that they've done like, students have done it before. And then it glitches out and it deletes all your previous membership credits for some reason. And then so now they're like, oh, just email us to do it. So Sydney Poll was like, they did have that and they said, oh, this new app will allow you to do it yourself. And then they're like, I think it, I think for some people it glitches out. And so, like, it doesn't, doesn't work for some reason. And all the other ones say you can do it as well, even the just Pole one. But it.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Wait, so these are all different apps?\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah, just Paul uses another app called Groovio. Okay, it's another one. Yeah, there's. There's many out there.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah, yeah, yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Which is why I'm saying, like, there's many out there, but none of them are actually good. Remember Chloe said they're all. They've, they, they've cycled through all of them before.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Well, you know what? I think a lot of these apps, they're. They're made to try and fit as many businesses as possible. Whereas what I'm trying to figure out is what are these problems that, you know, Astral specifically has.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 No, no, but any other student. No, I get that technically needs that type of.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 It's like a different approach because they, they, they just build what they think and then like, it's like, oh, and then say when Chloe was doing it for Sydney Pole.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 So if we customize this whole section, then it's going to impact all of these other customers. Like we for at New South Wales Hill we ran into that issue a lot. But like, anyway, my point is like if I can design this and it can work for Astral, it can work.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 For anything the different. And it's not just Pole Studios. Having said that, because any other studio needs the statistics as well as well as the timetabling of being able to. They have. They also have instructors. They also have like.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Same idea. Right?\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Same idea. But they.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 You know how you guys sometimes complain about how bad the instructor was for Body Attack or.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah, yeah, yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 It's the same thing. Right?\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 It's the same thing. And they need to do timetabling too. And I. But obviously Fitness first would be. Will be like a big one, but there's smaller ones X Active. Like there's small studios.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Maybe, maybe. So maybe the thing is I won't do the membership thing first. Do you think? I feel like that might be a little bit.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 I feel like, let's say for example, this app, this is just Poll app and then this is the Cinepole app. Right. If this whole app and everything is done well, everything is on this, you can actually do the timetabling on. Because what happens is they do the time saving manually.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Then they input.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Input it in here.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 So sometimes it's wrong because someone put it in like in the, in the thing that they sent out for the timetabling. If they're like, oh, it says 12:00pm is this. And then in here it says 12:00pM something else.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Then someone emails and goes, I think you've written the wrong one. Oh yeah, yeah, sorry, sorry. Which is. They'll ask, oh, which class is it?\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 And then. Oh, it says, but if you. Your app can do all of that and it can spit out a timetable.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Because right now everything's manual. And then like, you know what they use? Excel spreadsheet, Google Sheet.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah, I know, I saw that. I was like, what the.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah, that's what they do. They use Google Sheet and then they put in. They. They have someone actually manually putting in all of these classes into the app to then allow people to.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 And that's what I'm saying. Like, it's not that hard to do.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Like, because if you can do all of this all in one app, that is like, that is actually like something no one's ever, no one's ever put effort into it. Even Mind Body, the biggest. Biggest in the world. Like, it's actually global. Like, Japan uses. I know a few studios in Japan uses this.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Well, you know what?\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Hong Kong.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 I reckon if. If I do this app, this might be more easy to get up and running. Because we know a lot of pole people. Chloe knows a lot of pole studio owners, so does Dorothy.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 We already know, like, Astral.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 And, like, I could trial it out, fix it, fix all of the issues first once it's, like, up and running. And then I can be like.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 And just make it, like, just cheap for them to use it.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Well, for example, for Astral, while I'm doing using her as a lab route, which, like, no, yours is going to be free.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 And then maybe, like, when I'm starting to make a little bit of money or whatever, then I'll charge you, like, $50 a month or something. 100amonth.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Right.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 If Astro is willing to be the beginning pig of this, I think she will be. Well, whatever helps her save time with two children.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah. Well, look, I think the main thing if is, oh, I might focus first on the timetabling functionality.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah. Then somehow incorporate it.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Because you know what? You know what I was thinking for the system is you've got a box of like, just like a text box, for example. This is just a very crude way of doing it. And then at the bottom, there's a timetable. And then, like, you can type in, okay, I've got three instructors. One. And each one's. The name is this. This person is advanced and heels and floor work. And they. And then this is their preferred time. And then this instructor, you give it the variables. Right. And then you also give it the. You type in the rules or whatever. So it's like, okay, after every floor work class, it needs to be stretch class or something like that. Right. So then. And then it'll spit out at the bottom the timetable. And then it might be like, okay, well, there's a conflict here, there's a conflict here, and there's a conflict here. And then it's like it works through that with you. And then instead of you having to go, okay, well, you know, because it sounds like they were making it up as they go.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 They are.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Instead of every time, instead of that, it's like, okay, I just need to resolve this. These two issues. Right. And then here's the kicker. Right? So obviously, if you have this timetable app as well, and you have all of the reviews, how many people attended, what the best instructors are, guess what. You take that data and then you feed it into the new timetable.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Do you remember. Sorry, separately.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Do you remember unsw when we used to book in to, like, decide which classes we want to join, which tutorial times we wanted?\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Oh, yeah. It's the same. Same concept, right?\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 It's the same concept. Like, I don't know how UNSW does. I can probably ask Kasoon how they do it right now.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah, but Kasoon or Anthony or can.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Work it out with Anthony or Anthony.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Because you know what?\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 The other would be uts, so we can know how UTS does.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 I was actually thinking about, like, well, if this sort of timetailing ID can work for both and I can get Anthony to, like, maybe help me put together this idea for university specifically.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Yeah. Because he knows about time.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah, that can really work as. Just if. If I just go look, doesn't it.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Help them with timetabling as well?\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Well, I can just start out. Out being like, oh, look, Anthony, let me help you out with O week planning, because I know you guys are.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 You know, having a lot of issues with this dude. Imagine you. Like, that is all. But including the budgeting and. Oh, my God, do you know how big that whole thing is? That imagine like, something someone like UNSW or like.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Dude, that contract would be like 50k a month.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 That. No, legitimately, like.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Right.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Your whole website does everything a school needs, a pole studio needs.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Well, it'll be the same as, like, public school systems. Private school systems.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Private school system. Like, that's actually true, right?\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Like, what's the difference?\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 That's actually true because that. They'll be like, oh, you know, English teachers, like, do, like, what time do we put English?\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 And then you've. You've got complexity because then you are, you know, there's like a backup teacher.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Actually.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 I'll just park here.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Generally, they have a set timetable. To be honest, I'm gonna go out, like, once it's set. It's set.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 No, but like, for example, the teacher is going away for a second six months, and then, like, they have, like, a backup teacher. But actually, this backup teacher is currently teaching this. Okay, we need a. We need another backup teacher. But that teacher can only work Thursdays and Fridays.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 That's actually true. Like a, Like a statewide thing.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 No, no, no, no. Not. Not a statewide. I'm just saying, like, for a particular. Like, imagine you're a principal for year three or something like that.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 For a private school.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Yeah, like. Like, you have to, like, work that out. Right, but if. Why. Why would you have to do it in it. Like, why would you have to use spreadsheets to keep track of everyone's timetable? Why not just have a system that does everything for you? That's like phase. That's like phase five and six, I think, I think, I think phase one right now literally is just timetable and get it to work.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Try and get that to work first.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Because. Because you know what? From the timetable, you can so easily. I can automate, okay, give me everyone's Facebook profiles or Instagram accounts and then I'll. I'll set up the AI chatbot to automatically Instagram message DM these guys and ask them about their preferences for thing. Or we create like a Google form or something like that where they click and highlight like, you know, their preferred times. And then like that all feeds back into the timetable. The timetable automatically gets spat out and then Astral can go.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 There's no conflicts if you can, if you can develop it. The next term is in 10 weeks, literally. They're starting the new term. Well, they're doing timetable.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Wait, wait. So they're doing timetabling now for which term?\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Next term.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 So they're doing 10 weeks in advance.\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 Not 10 weeks in advance. I think the term's ending soon.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Their term's ending, yeah. So. So when is that term ending?\u8232 SPEAKER A\u8232 They normally do it. So they do it three weeks before the term ends so that they, they can release it two weeks before the term ends for people to book in two weeks in advance, if you get me. So normally a lot of students.\u8232 SPEAKER B\u8232 Oh, I didn't. Open the light. Open the light. Okay, that's.\
}